High in this video I would like to show you a very very little example again for soccer.
Back to the machines.
So basically we have just two dimensional dots blue dots and red dots and we have to merge training
data set basically the zero represents the Blue Claws the one represents the rugrat class.
So the plot is something like this we have two blue dots we have the red dots and we would like to make
some predictions.
After the training that was going to be this green door is going to belong to the Red Cross or the Blue
Cross.
Of course as you may guess it's going to belong to the Arat class.
And what's more important that we have the support vector machine which is coming from the secret to
learn and we have these as we see stands for supper to act or a classifier and there are two important
perimeters for the supper Traktor classifier the gamma paramita Aranda see we don't have to define it
but usually we define it.
So that gamma defines how far the influence of a single in example reaches if it has a low value then
the influence reaches far.
If gamma has a higher value then the influence reaches close.
So of course there's an optimal value for the Gamma.
What about the sea.
This is the same as what we have discussed in that particular section that when we have a nonlinearly
separable problem as you can see we are not able to separate these green dots from the red dots with
the help of a linear line.
In this case we are going to have some misclassify data points.
And this is the term for the misclassified items basically.
So is the cost parameter to all points that waylays the constrains.
So if C is very large the algorithm tries to find a 100 percent separation and if we slow down the wider
overall margin is allowed with the more misclassify data points.
So this is what I wrote here that if C has a lower value then the hyperplane will be very simple.
Of course they may be more misclassified items.
If the C parameter has a high value then all the training examples classified correctly.
But the hyperplane surface will be more complex.
So as you can see if we have just a linear line than the surface of this hyperplane is very very simple
but we have some misclassification.
If we would like to separate all the dots.
For example something like this if the hyperplane is something like this a non-linear curve.
Basically we are able to separate the two classes by the hyperplane surface will be complex.
So this is the tradeoff.
But let's see whether it's working fine so I would like to make some prediction.
So after fitting the model I would like to make some prediction.
So let's run it.
And as you can see it's going to have the class Swane was the one.
It is the right class of course because it is basically in the neighborhood of the red dots or what.
For example I say that it is 2.5 on the X-axis and for that find him on the y axis So 2.5 and 4.5 here
as well 2.5 and for that 5.
I am going to say that I close it and let's run it again.
So here's our data point.
I think it's going to belong to the Blue Cross.
So the prediction is that it has the zero value was the zero where you react.
It is the blue class.
So this is how we are able to use the Sukhothai factor classifier.
Of course in the current videos we are going to talk about more complex datasets.
Thanks for watching.